[singing in Japanese]
[narrator] Lost in the ocean,
Jean, Nadia
and King were rescued
by an American battleship.
The ship soon found
itself under attack
by a mysterious sea monster,
which caused our heroes
to fall overboard.
Adrift on the high
seas once again,
will they ever learn
the secret of Blue Water?
[whimsical music playing]
[Grandis] How could that ship
just sail off without us?
Well, Hanson, how long
are we going to sit here?
Until nightfall.
Once the stars come out,
I'll be able to use them
to navigate a course
to the nearest island,
Ms. Grandis.
Oh, good.
Sanson, tell me,
why don't you
at least take off
your suit coat?
Not until I've had my shower.
At times like this,
it's difficult
to maintain the reputation
of a stylish gad about town.
Fortunately I'm very good at it.
Oh, I see.
Why wait for a shower?
-Take a bath!
-[screams]
And when, oh, when
will I ever learn
how to pick the
right men? [sobs]
I caused this. I don't know why.
I'm just unlucky.
Hey, you shouldn't let this
bother you so much.
[sighs] It's because of me
that you're in this mess.
Before I die,
I want to apologize to you.
Wait. You don't have
to apologize to me.
It's all worth it just
to be with you.
You misunderstood.
I made that apology to King.
-[sighs]
-Fine.
You must be getting hungry.
I'll catch you the biggest fish
in the entire ocean.
Jean, you know I
don't eat meat or fish.
I was talking to King just then.
Isn't that right, boy?
Oh. [gasps]
What is that?
Hide!
The monster.
It came back for us.
[Nadia] It looks that way.
What is it doing?
Maybe it doesn't see us.
[Jean] Hmm.
[screaming]
[Jean] Nadia, where is she?
[laughter]
[both gasp]
[King sputtering]
-Ohh!
-We're safe now!
[metal clunks]
It's metal! This isn't the belly
of a sea monster.
This is manmade.
[Nadia] Manmade?
[Jean] I... I think--
I think we're in a submarine.
[Electra] Captain Nemo.
Yes?
All of the survivors
were successfully
picked up, sir.
[Jean] So this
explains everything.
There were never
any sea monsters.
-It was just a submarine.
-[Nadia] A submarine?
It's a ship that
can sail underwater.
Such a great invention.
Well, this great invention
almost killed those sailors
and may have sunk
your father's ship.
That's not necessarily so.
This must be a drainage port.
Isn't it wonderful?
-You're happy?
-Of course I am.
I've gone from a battleship
to a modern-day submarine
in only one day.
I must be the
luckiest boy alive.
Look at this. It's incredible.
There are no rivets,
only this seam.
-How are they welded together?
-Children...
Captain, I'm detecting
faint traces
of a very small magnetic field
at two o'clock.
It's him?
I can't tell. It's still
too far off to identify.
Sir, it's most likely
the battleship.
Perhaps.
We'll have to draw closer to it.
Engines to full.
Aye, aye, sir. Engines to full.
[whimsical music playing]
[engine starting]
Oh, what's that?
The engines are on.
We're starting to move.
Full speed. To port,
bearing 027.
Aye, aye, sir.
[thrilling music playing]
-But where are we going?
-I don't know.
Darn, this motor is
beyond repair.
[thrilling music playing]
[beeping]
[officer] Magnetic field
shows no deviation.
Our present relative speed
is approximately 32 knots.
[Captain Nemo]
Gargoyle, you've tried to escape
into a nonmagnetic region,
but we found you.
Pardon me, Captain.
What should we do
about the children, sir?
You chose to pick them up,
First Officer.
I leave it in your hands.
Right. They both seem to be
fairly well behaved, don't they?
I cannot tolerate children.
Or anyone else
for that matter, sir.
Jean, why do you
think this submarine
rescued us? Hmm.
It's a mariner's duty to assist
travelers in distress.
[Nadia] Maybe so, but
I can't help wondering
if the crew of this ship
might be after the Blue Water.
The Blue Water?
It's not healthy
to suspect people
you haven't even met.
I've learned that
it's much safer
than trusting anybody.
Um, I don't know.
I cannot find the latch.
But I'm certain that
this is a door.
-So, hello?
-[banging]
Why do that?
I want to see if
anyone will give me
a tour of this
amazing submarine.
-Hey, can anyone hear me?
-[continues banging]
-[screams]
-Jean!
[grunts]
-[Electra] You can come out now.
-[gasps]
[Electra] Don't worry.
You're not in any danger.
Walk down the corridor, please.
Thank you!
-Let's, go Nadia!
-Nadia?
-I think we'll stay here.
-Huh?
We could be
inside a sea monster, after all.
-I'm sorry. [gasps]
-[Electra] Come, now.
How can you say such things
about someone you haven't seen?
You should always be polite
to strangers, Princess.
The Princess's name is Nadia
and I am Prince Jean
of Le Havre, of course.
[Electra] Ah, pleased
to meet you, Jean.
My name is Electra.
Nadia, you should
accept kindness
with a sincere and open heart.
Nadia, let's go! They're going
to give us a tour of the ship.
The Blue Water isn't
even lighting up
like before. It's safe.
Come on.
[King growls]
[Nadia] This is a very
unusual hallway.
I know. How odd. No portholes.
Aha!
That's a strange-looking door.
Hmm. [screams]
Welcome.
Um, thank you. Are
you Mrs. Electra?
Yes. Please come inside.
Uh, sure.
First off, I insist that you
change into dry clothes.
You'll catch your
death of cold in here.
I know. It's pretty chilly.
That's because the cabins
are equipped with cooling units.
They are?
Of course,
it's the only effective way
to keep the ship livable
when in tropical seas.
Amazing! No one in
the world knows
that such an
invention even exists.
You simply must show
me how it works.
That can wait until later.
First you must shower
and change your clothing.
Shower? Thank you!
[music playing]
-[grunts]
-[screams]
[submarine sonar beeping]
[Electra] I made you
some hot cocoa.
Wow, what a great mechanism.
Is it magic?
Oh, no. Just science
properly applied.
This submarine is really
just a gigantic collection
of scientific innovations,
isn't it?
Hmm. Is this a French ship?
Or British or American?
It serves no country.
-You mean you're pirates?
-Oh, no.
As a matter of fact, Jean,
we are hunting down pirates.
-You are?
-Then tell us the reason
you're hiding behind that mask.
I wear this so that
you won't be able
to tell anyone whom you've met
when you return to your country.
You must forget everything
you've seen aboard this ship.
We have cut all ties
with the continents
and do not wish to attract
their attention.
So you are going to set us free.
Well, of course we are.
But we can't let you go now,
because we are tracking
a terribly important quarry
at this very moment.
[gasps]
At any rate, I promise that you
will be returned to dry land
as soon as possible.
Captain Nemo's orders.
He insisted.
"Nemo?" That's interesting.
If I remember my Latin,
"Nemo" means "nobody."
I think.
My goodness, Jean, you certainly
are a well-educated young man.
It's not his real name.
But it fits him perfectly.
Then I imagine that Electra
isn't your real name
either, is it?
You may imagine what you wish.
Your room.
It's not at all plush,
but I'm sure you'll
get used to it.
We'll prepare meals
for you twice a day.
Well, won't it be nice and cozy?
Hmm.
[singer] ♪ The Secret
Blue Water ♪
[submarine sonar beeping]
[Nadia] I don't know
how I got it.
I remember I had this jewel
when they sold me to the circus.
Hmm.
They let me keep it
because it was all I owned.
How old were you
when that happened?
I don't know. I was
just a small child.
The Blue Water
is the only thing I trust.
I sure hope it will help me
locate my family.
Hey, who did that?
-I guess it's nighttime.
-Maybe.
But without proper windows,
how do we know it's night?
We don't even know
where we're going.
I don't know about you,
but I could use some sleep.
Me too.
[soft music playing]
Jean, you awake?
Mm-hmm.
This ship is so suspicious.
I don't think so.
Electra seems quite nice.
That's what I mean.
People who act like that
are always hiding something.
I think she's deceiving us.
I'm sorry,
but I don't think that anyone
who could invent
a submarine like this
could be a wicked person.
What if you found out
that they sunk
your father's ship?
But I don't know that.
You have to give people
the benefit of the doubt, Nadia.
I just want to get a closer look
at the ship's mechanical system.
Then I'll worry about its past.
I will never like grown-ups.
Well, I can't think of anyone
that I hate.
[sighs] Good night.
[yawns] Good night.
Yes, it's the aircraft
in the forward hangar.
Do you think it can be repaired?
Replace the engine if you must.
Yes, you may make
modifications to it.
Just try to complete the work
as quickly as possible.
Thank you.
[submarine sonar beeping]
This is the fifth time
we've been served
corn soup and bread.
That means we've been on board
for three days
with no promise of
being released soon.
-[beeping]
-Yes, I guess you're right.
No matter which button I press,
the door won't open.
Then they've locked us in here.
-[beeping]
-Yes, it looks that way.
[sighs] What will we do now?
I've just got to
get a closer look
at this submarine.
If they won't even show us
their faces,
what makes you think
they would let us
get a look at their ship?
I don't know. Hmm.
[laughs]
[submarine sonar beeping]
What? But how?
This vent has got
to lead someplace.
[grunts]
[breeze blowing]
Cold air.
So this must be
the cooling system
that Electra told us about.
Jean, are you sure it's safe?
Sure. Wish me luck.
-Be careful.
-[Jean laughing]
[grunting]
[panting]
An exit!
[Electra] Captain, please come
to the bridge immediately.
Have you located it?
We have propulsion noise
ahead at two o'clock.
-[Captain Nemo] Pinpoint it.
-Aye.
-[beeping]
-Target pinpointed,
bearing 32 degrees,
distance 9,200 meters.
It's one of Gargoyle's.
-Its speed?
-[crewman] Approximately
eight knots
and moving towards us.
Do you think they
know where we are?
Impossible. Any search signals?
[sonar] Negative, sir.
Shall we attack it, sir?
No, we will hold back.
Let us follow their course
at 5,000 meters.
-Aye.
-This time, we shall find
Gargoyle's base port.
We must be close to it by now.
[Electra] Three hundred seconds
to anticipated contact point.
-[Captain Nemo] Distance?
-[sonar] 8,800 meters, sir.
Right.
We should try to make ourselves
a less tempting target
for their sonar.
Aye, sir.
Engines to full stop.
Commence silent running.
[crewman] Engines to full stop.
[engines shutting down]
Jean?
They've cut the power.
[Captain Nemo] Fix depth at 120.
[engineer] Auxiliary
engine stopped.
[Electra] Main ballast
tanks viable.
[helmsman] Automatic
propulsion transfer complete.
[sonar] Current speed,
three knots.
[Electra] Magnetic field
dampener
has been initiated.
They may fire on us.
Commence defensive measures.
[Electra] Initiate full
defensive measures immediately.
[crewman over speakers]
All waterproof doors secure.
All hatch doors are secure.
[Electra] Defensive measures
have been implemented.
Go to dark.
What is he doing now?
[sonar] Distance
is 7,500 meters.
No change in bearing or speed.
Their speed is quite low.
[Captain Nemo] Yes, the warship
may have damaged them,
or it could be a trap.
-[sonar] 7,000 meters
and closing.
-[gasps]
-Five thousand meters
and closing.
-[beeping]
[dramatic music playing]
[sonar] Three thousand.
Everyone, maintain silence.
[dramatic music playing]
-[metal clanging]
-[gasps]
Heavens, what's that?
It has to be the children, sir.
[Jean grunting]
Darn, it won't come loose.
Do you think they heard that?
Can't say. Did he?
[sonar]
Speed and direction unchanged.
They have engaged their sonar.
Distance, 1,200 meters.
[ominous music playing]
I've made visual contact.
It's going to pass over us
within seconds.
[dramatic music playing]
What is that sound?
Ah, another ship is passing by.
[dramatic music playing]
Watch and wait.
They've released depth charges
on top of us!
Engines to full!
Start rapid ascent.
[dramatic music playing]
[engines whirring]
[explosions]
[all screaming]
[Captain Nemo] Damage report.
[crewman]
Auxiliary engine one impaired.
Forward foredeck weakened.
[Electra] Hull sound.
Slight leakage in aft port.
[engineer] All clear.
Engine sound.
Where is he now?
He fled bearing 700 to 705.
Distance, 800 meters
at 12 knots.
After him!
Hard to starboard, 160 degrees!
[torpedoes launch]
Four inbound torpedoes!
Twelve-hundred meters
and closing!
Evade at full speed!
[sonar] It's too late!
Deploy baffles immediately!
[dramatic music playing]
[explosions]
[all grunting]
[screaming]
[Captain Nemo] Damage report.
-[crewman 1] No direct hits.
-[crewman 2] All is sound.
[engineer] Main engines
operable.
[Electra] Ballast tanks
are viable.
[Captain Nemo] Return ship to
even keel.
Where is he now?
We've lost him. Wave
disturbances
scrambled my readings.
Gyrocompass and
critical navigational
instruments are inoperable.
[sonar] The ship is surrounded
by a heavy magnetic field, sir.
[Electra] The torpedoes must
have carried
magnetic disruption devices.
[crewman] Captain, it
is inadvisable
to proceed under
these conditions.
Well, bring her to a full stop.
He beat us.
Until the next time.
Please come with me, children.
Sure. Where will we go?
Up top. You're free.
[Jean] Wow. Look at the sky.
I need it. Fresh air.
-Fresh air.
-You know,
-I missed feeling the sun.
-Me too.
I really wish they
had let us see
more of the submarine.
[gasps] My aircraft!
Wow! It's been converted
into a seaplane!
Yes, it's a gift from
the Nautilus crew and myself.
The Nautilus?
Yes, Jean.
That's the name of our ship.
Don't tell anyone.
There is a large island
just to the south of here.
You will find ships there that
can take you back to France.
Now then, your aircraft
has been stocked with a compass,
some maps and enough
food for the trip.
-[Jean] Excellent!
-[Electra] Hurry along now.
Captain Nemo has ordered the
ship to remain on the surface
for no more than five minutes.
[Jean] Hey, Nadia.
We need to take off right now.
Oh, yes. Right.
Electra, thank you for
everything, miss.
Oh, you're welcome!
[seaplane blades whirring]
[dramatic music playing]
Bon voyage, dear Princess.
[singing in Japanese]